[Cloud Security] add is_internal config option for outputs (#175546)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/fleet-settings.asciidoc

    If `true`, the output specified in `xpack.fleet.outputs` will be the one used to send agent data unless there is another one configured specifically for the agent policy.
  `is_default_monitoring`::: 
    If `true`, the output specified in `xpack.fleet.outputs` will be the one used to send agent monitoring data unless there is another one configured specifically for the agent policy.
  `is_internal`:::

>     If `true`, the output specified in `xpack.fleet.outputs` will be protected from user manipulation in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If `true`, the output specified in `xpack.fleet.outputs` will not appear in the UI, and can only be managed via `kibana.yml` or the Fleet API.
```

(nit) wording
